And the next section are going to be working on or here is going to be the skills section.
All right I like this.
So what are you going to do here.
We're going to go back to the next issue the amount.
And we're going to say this is going to be skills covering the whole line up in price here.
You can put a line in place and we're going to say end of skills.
Right.
Or here.
Then once we have this now I would want to add some major damage.
So we're going to start over here by saying that this is going to be a skills correction.
Right.
So this is going to be section class skills and hashtags skills are like this.
Once we have the section we would want a deal with the skills and we're going to say center center or
here once we have this div now I would want a article.
So I want to see article and this is going to have a class of skill.
All right.
So on here the article is going to have a class of skill and they're all going to have six of them right
here.
The first thing that we're going to do is we're going to have a fundraiser Maicon.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be a link here with a hash tag on here and we're
going to say that inside this one we're going to have a high element with a B class and if a.
And this is going to be five or failing this.
Once we have this all here now I can see that we have the icon now once we have placed go.
Now what we would want is having one here and we're going to write.
This is going to be HD.
Now then once we have the HD Well now I would want a paragraph with 10 letters right with 10 words.
So here we're going to say I'm going to sit down on this time once.
First time second time now we have a paragraph.
Now what we would want to do is obviously copy and paste this five times you know to get six of them
one two three four five.
All right.
See we have six of them.
And then we just need to change the values.
So the first one was the five.
Then this guy was CSSA 3 and over here this one was C Ss.
Then after that next one was a javascript right here.
So the next article over here was a J.
S here and over here with the heading one we also wrote G-S then out and then we had a node J.S. node.
And and here we just right.
This is going to be nold like this.
And then after that we have an angle and then we have a react and so angular sort of this is going to
be nolde.
Then the last one let's say or here and this is going to be react to right to react and then what he
would want to do here is going to change the angular and let's say Oh these guys are going to be Angleterre
right now consider we have six thousand My kids are here right now what you need to do is actually go
out and style.
So we're going to have it over here.
We're going to go back to Mansi assess and then we'll have a skills.
All right.
And what we would want to do.
So first of all we're going to have the same thing that we had with this background.
Right.
So I'm going to say that this is going to be a background you know here and then we'll have image and
we're going to have a skills background.
So let's find out where is our skills skills background.
All right.
So this is going to be our background then we'll right away are going to have the same things we had
before.
Center cover.
All right.
Fixed.
And we're going to say no repeat no repeat here.
All right.
So these shouldn't be the things for the image right side right away a linear gradient also.
Right.
And if we really want we can actually copy and paste this.
We can go ahead and we can just get this linear grade in because it's going to be exactly the same.
Maybe we can make it darker.
All right so this would be the only difference.
So I'm going to go over here and press this thing and see that I have my linear gradient.
Right.
But let's make it darker.
So I'm going to say six more here and I'm going to say six or here so I can see that it's a very dark
image than what I would want to do is start working with a skill center which is the div that actually
holds everything and holds all six articles so I'm going to say skills center.
Well we're here with we're going to set it to 90 percent here this margin.
0 auto right.
So something like this.
Then we're going to find is where is skill skill and are here for each skill.
What we should do first of all going to say text the line center here like this.
Then we'll have a margin 30 pixels right in between but zero left and right and after that it will be
not a color.
So I'm going to say over here that the color is going to be hash tag five of three or five.
Really.
That's right.
So this is going to be for the legs.
Now once I'm dealt with this skill now I would want to work with a skills here legs so I'm going to
say skill a more here and I'm going to say this is going to be fun size 80 pixels or here like this.
All right so the icons are 80 pixels.
And we're going to have this color stack at 8 1/2 C and then we'll have B F D B D like this.
Once we have this now we're going to want to work with a heading 1.
So I'm going to say scale and in one order and this is going to be font size 30 pixels like this text
transform to say uppercase X transform uppercase.
So this is going to be all capital letters margin zero top zero all right 10 pixels bottom zero left
and it's only we want to push a little bit down here right.
And then we'll have a fun style it out front style it taluk here like this.
And then let's do a paragraph or.
All right.
So it's over here and this is going to be skill like this paragraph right.
And what should happen right.
First of all we're going to have a line height of two in this letter spacing of five letter spacing
five pixels.
All right so let's go back over here and let's say five pixels.
Right.
That would be the letter space.
And now would we would want to do is actually work with creating these lines right.
So you can see or hear that if we have the bigger screen right we have these border lines right.
However if we go to the smaller screen and nothing happens right but here we got the bigger one right
we have these waterlines already.
So how do we do this.
All right.
So first we're going to say a media screen.
All right so well first of all going to create some rules as the screen changes.
So you know we're going to say men with and we're going to say nine nine to nine and two pixels or here
are you know what let's start with 776.
I really went ahead a little but 7 7 6 pixels.
And once we have this again we're going to work with this skill center because this is the parent element
right.
That's one of the reasons why recreating this one right.
So I'm going to say skills center or here and we're going to save this playful X right.
Then we're going to say flex and we're going to save wrap here and we're going to say we're all here
right.
We're going to have a justified content space between and 2.
What I'm saying is once we get to 776.
But before I show you an actual screen since you have flex ramp there are always going to be wrapping
or here like this right on a new line.
All right.
So we're not going to be able to see.
So what you need to do over here is we're going to say that for the skill we would want as a child to
have flex 0 0 calc function.
Right then we're going to have 50 percent minus and we're going to say 20 pixels or here like this.
So we say this.
And now let's check it out right now actually they are half the size on this.
All right.
And you can see what happens right.
Once we have them on here.
All right.
And they are actually spanning the screen or here like this.
Right now what we want to do is as we're going actually to a bigger screen right we would want actually
a three of them right.
And we would want the border or here like this right.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say for media screen nine and two.
All right.
So when you say media and we're going to say screen and here we're going to say men with with or here
right.
I'm going to say nine nine two pixels on here like this.
Now what should happen.
Right.
And we're here and we're going to say a little bit differently right.
We already have skill center display flex flex wrap.
All this is working fine.
How are we going to write skill or here flex then we're going to write 0 0 and calc.
And here we're going to write 3 3 3 3 3 percent on here right.
Minus.
And we're going to say one pixel and just so it's a little bit in between them.
Right.
And over here we're going to say first that the margin shouldn't be zero here all are home and padding
bottom is going to be 20 panning Muharram it's going to be let's say 20 pixels here.
So we are fresh.
Right now we have three of them are here.
And now let's go ahead and let's actually add the lines.
All right.
So I'm going to say here is that this is going to be a skills article here and I'm going to say first
of type.
All right.
So I'm going to say article and we're going to say first of type and what I'm going to say here and
this is going to be a border like border and we're going to say.
Right and this is going to be one pixel solid and hashtag.
EF 5 EF 3 5 0 0 0.
All right.
So let's check it out.
What we have by the looks of it right.
We shouldn't have it over here at this border right now after that what I would want to do is just have
a type.
Right so everything is going to be the same or here we would just.
And F-Type.
So I'm going to copy and paste this and here we're going to say this is going to be end of type and
right and right and of type and I'm going to say we're here number three.
All right so now we want to work with a third one.
And over here I'm going to say border left is going to be one pixel solid.
So I'm going to say your left here like this.
Then once we have this then we would want to have a 4.
So again if you see or hear or all right.
So we have this guy right and this guy have work right now what he would want to select is number four
right here.
Right.
And for number four we would want a border top and border right.
And it's all here.
So pretty much it works the same way it was going to be copying and pasting.
Right.
So I'm going to copy and paste this.
This is going to be number four here.
And this is going to be border right again.
It's all going to say all right.
And then we're going to copy and paste this and we're going to set it up saurian this is going to be
the top.
We're going to go back.
Sure enough now we have these borders right now obviously we would need four to six and then four or
five.
All right.
So what we're going to do here.
We're just going to copy and paste this.
Right.
So one by one and we're going to go back over here.
We're going to write six then this is going to be border left and work it up.
So again we're going to change from right to left and then we'll have the last one is going to be number
five.
Right.
So we're going to copy paste this.
And for the skills number five what we would want is we would one just board it up so we can just get
rid of this guy we're like this.
So once we save this one we have right now we have a grid here imaginary grid meaning imaginary that
we set it all here with these morons right.
And now we can move on to our next section.